How to record (#45)
double-great/listen: _drafts/how-to-record.md

---

> title: How to Record Audio from Screen Readers

Reviewer: Use title case to match other post headings?

```suggestion
title: How to record audio from screen readers
```

---

> Capturing the audio output from all of these screen readers is a bit of a challenge. There are many ways to do it. Here is one workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project captures the audio output from multiple screen readers. The process to capture each recording is a bit of a challenge as it requires different operating systems and platforms. There are many ways to capture these recordings. Here is one workflow.
```
